alt.sys.pc-clone .
dell_20050226 .2350
WEB TEXT
2005-02-26T23 :50:00
Dell sued for `` bait and switch '' and false promises
Timothy Daniels
Sat , 26 Feb 2005 20:50:40 -0800
Dell sued for `` bait and switch '' and false promises
Dell is involved in a class action suit for `` bait and switch '' , where a nurse claims Dell switched parts and charged her for the more expensive items , and for promising `` easy credit '' for which no one qualifies and then charges ridiculously high interest rates .
* TimDaniels *
RRR_News
Sun , 27 Feb 2005 12:14:24 -0500
Re : Dell sued for `` bait and switch '' and false promises
It seems someone did not read the credit terms , before purchasing item , `` buyers ' remorse '' .
And lawyers trying to make a buck from it .
Hope federal tort reform gets passed by the congress , so we can get rid of these charlatans .
Rich/rerat
-LRB- RRR News -RRB- -LRB- message rule -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- Previous Text Snipped to Save Bandwidth When Appropriate -RRB- -RRB-
Christopher Muto
Sun , 27 Feb 2005 22:50:32 GMT
Re : Dell sued for `` bait and switch '' and false promises
i agree that the buyer probably did n't read the credit terms to find themselves with an unexpected rate ... i always see that `` for qualified customers '' in all of their advertisements that probably releases them of any wrong doing ... but i also believe in the court systems so let it take its course and see what happens .
the only tort reform that i think should be done is to cap fees that lawyers are allowed to extract for class action suits .
i feel that there is a valuable public service that comes from class actions suits which is to keep companies on the straight and narrow so that they avoid such actions ... but from a monetary perspective the only real winners from class actions are the lawyers .
i remember once receiving a fifty cent check in an envelope with postage of at least half that amount for the great 17 '' monitor class action suit .
Ben Myers
Mon , 28 Feb 2005 01:58:35 GMT
Re : Dell sued for `` bait and switch '' and false promises
Then there was the class action suit against Gateway brought by some Philadelphia lawyers a number of years ago .
Gateway advertised and stickered many of its 486 computers as `` Pentium Ready '' , meaning that a special Type 3 ZIF socket Pentium OverDrive could be installed and run .
Micronics designed the motherboards used by Gateway , and the basis of the design was a prototype Pentium OverDrive with an internal write-through cache , a more conservative cache design .
Then Intel changed the Pentium OverDrive , and the final version had a write-BACK cache .
When installed in a Gateway system , the chip ran slower than slow , maybe about as fast as an IBM AT , and bus-mastering devices like NICs and SCSI cards refused to work .
So the lawyers sued Gateway , and the settlement approved by the judge consisted of megabucks for the lawyers and coupons to owners of Gateway 486 computers .
The coupon was good for $ 50 off on the purchase of a Pentium OverDrive processor from Gateway , at its usual inflated prices !!! So , let 's see .
What does a discount coupon for a processor I ca n't use in my system do for me ?
I wonder how many people gleefully cashed in their coupons and bought Pentium OverDrives from Gateway .
Intel eventually compensated by making available an `` interposer '' , a little socketed thingie installed between the Pentium OverDrive and the ZIF socket .
The sole purpose of the interposer was to raise a signal on the CPU to force its cache to operate in the write-thru mode which was compatible with most ZIF Socket 3 486 motherboards .
Needless to say , this was the least successful `` OverDrive '' CPU ever done by Intel .
The 486-DX4 OverDrive was OK , as were several Socket 5 Pentium OverDrives and the Socket 8 Pentium Pro OverDrive .
Finally Intel gave up on OverDrives ... Ben Myers
Nascar12
Sun , 27 Feb 2005 22:45:13 -0500
Re : Dell sued for `` bait and switch '' and false promises
Believe it or not there are companies that go over the line and need to be hit with a stick called a law suit .
It seems the fear of law suits is the only thing that keeps some of these crooked companies in line .
The government sure does n't have the resources or desire to pursue them so it 's left to the private sector to protect themselves .
Lawyers are bounty hunters of sorts .
BTW , I hate lawyers but there are times that they are useful .
Some are sleazebags but that can be said of most professions .
There has to be at least a little threat of `` let the company beware '' to maintain a balance otherwise it 'll be open season on consumers .
Jerry Park
Mon , 28 Feb 2005 13:12:59 -0600
Re : Dell sued for `` bait and switch '' and false promises
The only people who profit from class actions are the lawyers .
Since companies are going to be sued in class action , regardless of the merits of the case , the threat of a class action is not a detriment .
If you do n't believe that , witness the Vioxx lawsuits .
The company making Vioxx determined it might increase mortality and pulled it from the market .
Because of that , it is being sued .
The companies making similar drugs -LRB- Celebrex and Bextra -RRB- did not pull their product from the market .
They are not being sued .
Doing the right thing provides no protection from class action .
All class actions do is enrich lawyers and raise costs to everyone .
The cost of class actions is factored into the cost of everything you buy .
