alt.politics.economics _ 20041206.1835
WEB TEXT
2004-12-06T18 :35:00
Clear Channel worships Our Great Fuehrer ... er ... Leader
Harry Hope
Mon , 06 Dec 2004 23:35:23 GMT
Clear Channel worships Our Great Fuehrer ... er ... Leader
One of the hallmarks of a good totalitarian leader is the tendency to jump into a military uniform at the drop of a hat -LRB- although stuffing socks in your crotch while doing it is an innovation apparently dreamed up by George W. Bush -RRB- .
Another is to make sure there are plenty of very big pictures of yourself all over the place .
Fortunately for Our Great Leader he does n't have to do this himself , because he 's got one of the biggest media companies in the country to do it for him .
Clear Channel - home to Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity - owns over 1,200 radio stations and 57 television stations in America .
They also own a lot of billboards .
Want to know what they do with their billboards when nobody 's paying to use them ?
The picture was taken off I-4 north of downtown Orlando by DUer davhill .
The text at the bottom reads , `` Not authorized by any candidate or candidate 's committee .
A political public service message brought to you by Clear Channel .
''
Did you know that one of the largest media companies in the country was in the business of bringing you `` political public service messages ?
''
Me either .
Truth be told we originally thought that this picture was fake , but we had to eat crow when Clear Channel released a statement which read in part , `` Clear Channel Outdoor markets are operated locally .
Local managers determine what copy to use when a location has time that is not sold to an advertiser .
''
That statement was made after Clear Channel denied the billboard existed , of course .
Florida 's not the only state to suffer Clear Channel 's `` political public service messages '' by the way - check out this one from Arizona :
Curse you , liberal media !
From Democratic Underground
Harry
CB
Mon , 6 Dec 2004 19:06:38 -0500
You 're such a cry baby , Fuehrer lover Harry
You 're such a cry baby , Clear Channel should post this every where :
Rightards_R_Parasites
Mon , 6 Dec 2004 19:00:30 -0800
Re : Clear Channel worships Our Great Fuehrer ... er ... Leader
You notice how there is n't a peep from any of the rightards out there .
