MARKBACKER_20050217 .0647
WEB TEXT
2005-02-17T06 :47:00
If a tree fell in a Cadadian forest ...
Mark Backer
2005-02-17T06 :47:00
would it make a noise and if it did , would anyone south of Boston give a shit ?
Wednesday , Commissioner Gary Bettman announced the cancellation of the 2004-2005 NHL season .
As if everyone did n't already know that was the case .
Shame on the NHL and shame on the players ' association for not getting a deal done , but I put much more of the blame on the owners as this `` negotiation '' came down to the wire .
I understand that the league was losing less money by not playing than it would have by having a season this year .
I also understand that when push came to shove , the players gave in and accepted a salary cap .
Okay , the sides were about 7 million per team apart , but could n't they just say `` alright , let 's split that in half and play hockey ?
''
I mean Holy Christ people , two kids arguing over 10 bucks would work it out that way .
Why is this any different ?
The NHL 's primary goal was to get a salary cap approved by the players , and they finally did .
And what did the NHL do when that momentus event occurred ?
They left the negotiating table .
Gary Bettman is a mindless troll and the professional sports commissioner equivalent of Joe Hazelwood and this lockout / strike / cluster fuck is the reef .
The first thing that needs to happen is that Bettman and Goodenow -LRB- the players ' association rep -RRB- need to be fired , deported , flogged , tarred and feathered and finally forced to pay for four tickets plus a program , four dogs , four beers , and two cokes and parking to a game at an NHL arena for every day of the next season so they understand what the fans go thru to see a hockey game .
Then , all current contracts need to be voided by the end of the season in 2006 .
That means no team would own any player , and the owners would be free to sign whomever they 'd like using the `` fiscal restraint '' they all droned on and on about all year .
That way , they 'd only pay as much as they could afford ... right ?
Wrong .
Those douchebags would end up overspending like every professional sports owner because they ca n't control themselves .
If Mr. Iginla or Heatley were free agents , for example , owners would bid each other out of their minds , then they 'd be left with not enough to get a competetive team .
While the business model in the NHL was certainly flawed and the owners needed help , they really needed help to protect them from themselves .
And the fact is that without that help , the owners would follow the same path that got them where they are right now anyway .
The biggest issue is this , however .
Very few people give one hot shit whether the NHL plays another game ever , let alone this season or the next one .
For every crying Canuck there are 1,000 or more others who say `` No hockey ? Huh ... did n't even notice .
''
And the last television network interested in carrying hockey -LRB- ESPN -RRB- may opt out of televising the NHL next season , meaning that all of the teams would be in HUGE trouble , because no TV = no league .
Period .
Atlanta lost the Flames 25 years ago because , despite full houses every night , it 's TV revenue that pays the freight and the Flames had no tv contract .
Imagine an entire league with no TV contract .
Hell , Major League Soccer and the WNBA DO have a tv contract and no one gives a shit about them .
I 'll say this for the NHL , when they screw up , they screw up huge .
Congrats guys .
You will forever be known as the generation that killed professional hockey in North America .
That 'll look GREAT on your resumes .
