misc.legal.moderated _ 20041202.1648
WEB TEXT
2004-12-02T16 :48:00
waiver of extradition means what
JohnQ.Public
Thu , 02 Dec 2004 16:48:31 -0500
waiver of extradition means what
My girlfriend was on the run from probation in Fla when she got herself in trouble here in Az. which apparantly , true to her habits , she tried to avoid by not showing up for court .
Time goes by , we meet etc etc she gets herself under the scrutiny of the police and into jail again .
fla trouble 1999 she signed a waiver of extradition as part of her plea deal
Az in trouble in 2001 , fla is mentioned and she signs another waiver of extradition , posts bonds and skips -LRB- not far enough apparantly -RRB-
Az troubles again in 2004 , she serves 6 months , then the day before she is to be released to do 5 yrs probation her in az , fla shows up and takes her to fla faceing her original 1999 charges which are still open -LRB- she failed miserably at probation -RRB- I think they want to give her 3 years .
my question isa this , what the heck is a waiver of extradition good 4 ?
How will her probation be affected here ?
I ask around locally and no one will reply , not her public defender , the public defenders office , so I guess this is my last resource cuase I can not afford to consult with an attorney .
Thanks in advance , MLM the guy who shoulda known better ... ... ...
Eliyahu Rooff
Mon , 06 Dec 2004 10:02:57 -0500
Re : waiver of extradition means what
The waiver of extradition that she signed simply means that if she skips out and goes to another state , she ca n't contest the right of the original court to have her hauled back to its jurisdiction , and that the court wo n't have to initiate the time-consuming process of extraditing her .
Instead , if the cops pick her up , she can be shipped back without delay .
Might be time to find a new girlfriend ... this one seems to have a habit of ducking out when things get rough .
Eliyahu
Michael Jacobs
Mon , 06 Dec 2004 10:08:56 -0500
Re : waiver of extradition means what
She 's going to have a lot of separate offenses to account for by this time .
2 `` FTA `` s -LRB- failure to appear -RRB- , one in FL and one in AZ , plus whatever the original charges were in both cases .
That means she has given up the right to force the FL authorities to go thru legal due process in demanding that the AZ authorities turn her over to them for further prosecution .
All the FL prosecutors have to do is ask , and the AZ jailers will pack her up in a van or a plane and ship her back to FL for trial on the FTA charge and probably to commence her serving time under the suspended sentence that went along with her original probation .
She 's in DEEP SH __ T if you have n't already figure that out .
Nowhere in USA would be far enough if she waived extradition .
Of course they do .
That 's what her waiver of extradition meant they could do .
They let her serve her time in AZ , then they come and get her to serve her time in FL .
This is what happens when people blow off the chances they are given to straighten out by being given probation .
Thumb your nose at the court often enough , and they will bring all sorts of crap down on your head , re-instituting the original suspended sentences and possibly adding on for the FTA .
What is it GOOD for ?
It 's good for the STATE , not for the convict .
It lets them skip some of the legal procedures she would otherwise be entitled to , in order to ship her from one state to another .
But they were entitled to demand that waiver as a condition of probation ; if she had not agreed to voluntarily waive that right , they probably would have just thrown her in jail for the 3 year sentence the first time around and she would n't have been given the chance to go straight during probation and avoid jail altogether .
She does n't have a lot of leeway here .
She has done this numerous times and they are not likely to give her another wide open chance like they did the first 3 times .
She will probably have to serve out her sentence in FL , AND if she has not already served all her time in AZ , they will then ship her back there to do THAT time .
Waitaminit , you said she DOES have a public defender ?
OK , he/she is doing all they can , but that 's not much , under the circumstances .
You 're complaining that YOU ca n't get an atty ?
You do n't need one .
And her attys will not talk to you because you are not entitled to participate in their confidential communications with their client .
But wo n't your GF tell you these things ?
If not , maybe it 's because she does n't want you to know either .
Which you would then take into account in deciding if you still want her to be your significant other .
Anyway , good luck ,
-- This posting is for discussion purposes , not professional advice .
Anything you post on this Newsgroup is public information .
I am not your lawyer , and you are not my client in any specific legal matter .
For confidential professional advice , consult your own lawyer in a private communication .
Mike Jacobs LAW OFFICE OF W. MICHAEL JACOBS 10440 Little Patuxent Pkwy # 300 Columbia , MD 21044 -LRB- tel -RRB- 410-740-5685 -LRB- fax -RRB- 410-740-4300
