BACONSREBELLION_20050217 .0744
WEB TEXT
2005-02-17T07 :44:00
Anti-Gerrymandering : Is Virginia Ready ?
Will Vehrs
2005-02-17T07 :44:00
Many of the good-governiks who write for Bacon 's Rebellion have pointed out the deleterious effects of gerrymandering on Virginia .
Some would say the problems are on display in Capitol Square right now .
There 's an anti-gerrymandering movement gaining a small head of steam in California .
The Golden State often leads the way for the nation on `` reform , '' for good or ill .
Mickey Kaus of Slate reminds us that the California initiative bears watching and we should follow the motives of those who support or oppose the current redistricting process .
Mickey cites two Stuart Taylor articles on the subject that should be required reading for any who would debate the issue , here and here .
Barnie Day
???? - ?? - ?? T09 :01:00
Hand in hand with any consideration of the redistricting process , we shoul give some thought to the structural relationship between the state House and Senate .
Currently , each House member represents approximately 75,000 Virginians , while each Senator represents appoximately 187,500 .
Often as not , there is no rational commonality between the two .
Some senators represent people pools that are in turn fractured into five or six House districts .
I believe this accounts , in large part , for the dysfunction that characterizes our state government now .
Former Governor Gerald Baliles , in this same vein , has advocated a realignment of the two houses in a way that serves commonalities .
He has suggested that we either increase membership in the Senate to 50 , or decrease House membership to 80 , producing a scenario wherein 1 Senator would represent a block of people who are represented by exactly 2 Delegates .
He thinks -- and I think he is right -- that this arrangement would foster a closer working relationship between the Senate and the House .
You certainly would n't have these dysfunctional groupings we now have , where 1 Senator often represents a population divided among half a dozen Delegates of two parties -- three , if you count independents .
