CNN_CF_20030305 .1900.00 -1
STORY
2003-03-05T19 :00:00 -05:00
Look at Latest Evidence Against Iraq ; Any Hope U.N. , Old Europe will Come Around to Bush Administration 's Way of Thinking ?
PAUL BEGALA , CNN CO-HOST
Hello , everybody .
Welcome to CROSSFIRE .
On this Ash Wednesday , the pope asks Catholics to fast for peace and he asks President Bush to work for peace , while the White House sends out Colin Powell to make yet another case for war .
We will debate all of that as well as `` Vanity Fair '' 's latest , stunning revelations about Michael Jackson .
Believe it or not , we got new news on Michael Jackson .
Do you think he really looks like a mummy ?
Certainly not a daddy .
But first , our own little moonwalk across the political landscape , the `` CROSSFIRE Political Alert .
'' The foreign ministers of France , Germany and Russia today issued a joint declaration that they will not allow a second American-backed resolution to pass the United Nations Security Council .
President Bush wants the Security Council to explicitly authorize force against Iraq , and his press secretary today remained optimistic that in the end , that 's just what he 'll get .
President Bush is said to be focusing on one fence-sitting Security Council member , the African nation of Guinea , because he said -- quote -- `` I used to have one of their pigs .
'' So -- OK , I made that up .
He did n't say that .
TUCKER CARLSON , CNN CO-HOST
Well , I suspected that .
You know ...
BEGALA
But they are a swing vote .
Guinea is an important swing vote .
CARLSON
As is Cameroon .
France and Germany are pointing to inspection and saying , Look , they 're working .
We do n't need war .
They 're not pointing out that inspections are working only because there 's the credible threat of war .
Saddam would n't be destroying missiles unless he thought he was going to be destroyed if he did n't .
BEGALA
I think that 's a good point .
It does n't mean we have to go to war .
But I think President Bush should get credit for pushing to instructions and backing them up with the threat of force .
CARLSON
It means when you take the threat of force of the table , you 're likely to stop disarming Saddam Hussein .
BEGALA
Yes , I 'm not saying take the threat of force .
I 'm saying we do n't need to use force right now .
CARLSON
Well , France and Germany would like to .
Secretary of State Colin Powell today responded to Saddam Hussein 's latest attempts to fool the world .
Powell called Iraqi steps toward disarmament -- quote -- `` too little , too late '' gestures , meant to split international resolve to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction .
U.S. intelligence said Powell indicates Iraq has hidden equipment to produce al-Samoud 2 missiles , even as it destroys existing ones , missiles that until recently , it claimed not to have .
Powell also revealed that Iraq is hiding chemical and biological weapons in poor neighborhoods around Baghdad .
In order to secure peace , Powell concluded , the international community must confront Saddam Hussein 's refusal to disarm -- quote -- `` here and now .
'' So , there you have it .
The essence of the American case for war against Saddam Hussein .
The only question left : who do you believe ?
Secretary of State Colin Powell or France ?
BEGALA
No , the question is ...
CARLSON
That is the question .
BEGALA
Who do you believe : the Bush administration or your lying eyes ?
We are watching them destroy weapons , as the president says , Oh , that 's just a hoax .
CARLSON
But Paul ...
BEGALA
They are disarming .
CARLSON
No , no , no that 's not what the president 's saying .
He 's saying , the -- it 's a hoax to the extent that those are only a small number of the weapons there .
Keep in mind , these are weapons that Saddam Hussein , until recently , said he did n't even have .
He 's a liar .
BEGALA
Of course .
CARLSON
And to trust Saddam Hussein in effort to disarm him -- foolish task , do n't you think ?
BEGALA
Absolutely .
Nobody trusts Saddam Hussein .
The question is , Is he a sufficient threat to America today to risk the lives of our young men and women .
CARLSON
That 's a separate question .
That 's a very separate question .
BEGALA
I think he 's not .
I think the inspections can work .
CARLSON
That 's a different argument .
We can take it up later .
