alt.gossip.celebrities _ 20050218.0826
WEB TEXT
2005-02-18T08 :26:00
Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
moria
Fri , 18 Feb 2005 16:20:11 GMT
Re : Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
Lovely , she refuses an autopsy which could prove how her husband died , but then she turns around and makes accusations like this against his treatment , and in effect , his doctors .
This makes me super pissed off .
The sypmtoms of a massive allergic reaction and of a systemic infection are completely different .
Yet suddenly , she 's an expert .
Statements like this on shows like Oprah , who loves to spread medical ignorance , are completely irresponsible .
Karen
18 Feb 2005 09:41:42 -0800
Re : Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
I did n't see this as an accusation but an explanation .
People can have allergic reactions to meds they have n't reacted to before without anyone knowing it will happen .
It 's the exposure to the substance that causes the allergy to form .
Like people walking through poison ivy half their lives then suddenly having a bad reaction to it .
Like the thousands of people developing allergies to latex these days , etc. .
I saw that show and did n't think she was accusing anyone of anything , more trying to explain to people why he died so suddenly .
She mentioned several times how wonderful his Doctors and nurses and therapists have been and mentioned them by name .
aee1...@yahoo.com
18 Feb 2005 10:11:49 -0800
Re : Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
There were no accusations by her .
She said there were a couple of drugs that they had used with Chris in the past to treat his infections with no problems , and they would use them again and he would have an allergic reaction .
It happens a lot .
She said she did n't want an autopsy because there was no blame , she knew it was just his body shutting down .
Drugs he was n't allergic to in the past would suddenly cause massive problems when they tried to use them for a new infection .
She had nothing but praise and gratitude for all his doctors , nurses and care givers .
moria
Fri , 18 Feb 2005 18:19:14 GMT
Re : Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
Again , a true allergic reaction and an infection have different symptoms .
She 's saying all the doctors and other professionals are wrong and she is right .
Also , if any drug causes adverse effects , those effects are supposed to be reported to the FDA so future drug users can be alerted to posible consequences .
If she truely believed what she was saying -LRB- and wa n't just talking out of her ass and probably displaying her denial about her husband 's illness -RRB- she would allow proper data to be gathered so it could be used to help others .
Carrie
Fri , 18 Feb 2005 14:15:29 -0500
Re : Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
Christopher Reeve had a rare disorder called Mastocytosis .
Drug sensitivities are one of the difficulties of that disorder .
Since they knew he had it , that 's probably why she 's not questioning this issue .
I often wondered how he was doing with all the meds because of his illness , which developed before his paralyzing accident .
It 's actually a testament to his stamina and his doctors that he was able to survive as long as he did with this disorder complicating his care .
Karen
18 Feb 2005 11:59:26 -0800
Re : Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
I 'm not sure about this disagreement you are speaking of between her version and the doctors version of his cause of death .
Maybe the Dr.s had hypothesized possibilities at the time of death and in the months since then , they may thought of other reasons I do n't know .
I know about allergic reactions and meds , I 've been a nurse for 20 years .
And I get a little defensive myself when a hear a layperson -LRB- although she probably had more knowledge than most about her husband 's diagnosis and treatment -RRB- talking like an expert on TV without knowing all the details .
But as I said , I saw the show and did not get that feeling at all that she was being in any way accusatory or blaming .
She also was not coming off as a know-it-all .
This part of the interview was very off-hand and informal feeling , more like gosh , I do n't think we 'll ever know , maybe it was this , it could have been that .
It was more that she knew many people cared about her husband and wanted to know what his last hours were like .
I know not everyone is enthralled with Dana Reeve , but she had won many people 's respect .
People are interested to know how she 's doing after having lost such a big part of her life , and this really was more what the interview was about .
maryanne kehoe
Sat , 19 Feb 2005 20:33:41 -0500
Re : Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction
What I think was quite appalling from what Dana said on the Oprah show was that the doctors wanted to pull the life support from Chris * without her being there .
* What in god 's green earth would make a medical professional say such a heartless thing to a soon-to-be-grieving widow ?
That doc should lose his medical license -- what a bastard .
