marcellapr_20050211 .2013
WEB TEXT
2005-02-11T20 :13:00
organizations committee
Lauren Rouse
Fri , 11 Feb 2005 17:13:41 -0800 -LRB- PST -RRB-
organizations committee
Howdy ,
Lauren Rouse here .
I 'm in charge of getting everyone excited about contacting organizations so Marcella can meet with them .
Next week we want to have as many dates as possible set up for her as we can , so we are asking y' all to please talk to your organizations to see if they would be interested in having Marcella come and speak .
In the near future we will be expanding this to include all the other organizations that we can contact , but we are just keeping things safe for now .
If you are interested in helping out with contacting organizations then please let me know , cause I need all the help I can get .
There are 6 sub committees under the organizations committee :
Greek -LRB- 2 -RRB-
Department of Multicultural services -LRB- Tasha should have this taken care of -RRB-
MSC -LRB- 2 , but I think Crystal is taking care of some of this but she still will need some help -RRB-
Student Activities -LRB- 3 -RRB-
Academics and colleges -LRB- 2 -RRB-
International -LRB- 1 -RRB-
I am going to need that number of people to help with contacting people in these areas , so please let me know asap .
So , as I said earlier please just stick to contacting your organizations this weekend and friends you may have in other organizations .
I have attached the welcome packet info if they are interested and I have the cheat sheet to use as a guideline for when you talk to them -LRB- just in case you do n't have them yet -RRB- .
Remember to stress that Marcella can either meet with the execs or the whole group -LRB- whatever works best -RRB- , that she will be talking briefly , and that she will be there because she wants to learn about that group 's concerns and issues at A&M .
Do n't say anything like `` vote for Marcella '' or `` support Marcella '' cause we do n't want anyone to get in trouble .
If they are interested in setting up a meeting then have them contact me at 979-777-6445 or at laurouse...@yahoo.com and I will send the info to Tori , or have them contact Tori Foster to set up a time .
Also , let me know who you have already contacted and set up a meeting with so that I can make sure we do n't call them twice .
Ok guys , sorry for the long e-mail and the rambling , but I want to make sure that I have everything covered .
And if you have any questions feel free to contact me at the numbers , addresses above .
Thanks y' all !
Have a great weekend !
Lauren
------------------------------ -- Do you Yahoo! ?
Yahoo! Search presents - Jib Jab 's ` Second Term '
Welcome Packet.doc ' Organizations Cheat Sheet.doc '
