rec.boats _ 20050130.1006
WEB TEXT
2005-01-30T10 :06:00
OT : Republican election standards
gould0...@aol.com
30 Jan 2005 10:06:08 -0800
OT : Republican election standards
Here on the left edge of the country , we have a unique perspective on election standards .
In Iraq , an election takes place in which one of the three major forces vying for control of the country opts out .
A few people will turn out and elect somebody .
It is hailed as the greatest triumph of democracy since the defeat of Imperial Japan .
In Washington State , our governor 's race may be undecided for months to come .
Following the election and recount process exactly as outlined in our state constitution , the democratic candidate won by a margin of less than 200 votes .
With roughly three million votes cast in the race , the margin of victory was a few ten thousands of one percent or some such microscopic amount .
For all intents and purposes it was a tie - but somebody had to end up with a few more votes and this time around it was the demos .
The same group of people who have said `` even if some regions are too unsafe for people to go to the polls and even if large portions of the population will not recognize the legitimacy of the outcome , some election is better than no election , and it 's a great day for democracy ! '' ... ... . are suing to overthrow the results of the governor 's election is Washington State because there were some `` errors '' in the process .
-LRB- They hollered `` fraud '' until they got to court , but unable to find any evidence with which to substantiate that charge they have backed down to `` errors '' .
-RRB-
So the standards are : Any old process halfway resembling an election is just diddly dandy in Iraq , but we wo n't accept the results of a free and fair election in Washington State because there may have been a human error rate of 0.0000001 percent .
In Washington State , the election has to be not only free and fair , but also `` perfect '' .
-LRB- Of course , the Republicans would have thought the WA State election * was * perfect , had their candidate held the same 100 and some vote margin when all the smoke finally cleared -RRB- .
Funny how the standards change , and so easily , depending on agenda .
Bert Robbins
Sun , 30 Jan 2005 13:52:34 -0500
Re : Republican election standards
We have seen our state 's standards .
Keep recounting the votes until you get the results you want and if you need to go `` find '' some more votes in a warehouse , in a box , hidden behind some other boxes .
This is too funny .
The ones that are `` opting '' out are in one of three protected classes within Iraq .
The protected classes are Kurd 's , Sunni 's and Women .
only vote that ends in a tie is where both sides have the exact same number of votes .
This did n't happen in Washington State .
It took multiple recounts before the vote tabulation was determined to be credible by the Democrats .
Was n't it King County that had `` counted '' more votes than registered voters .
Please explain how this happens .
It seems that the evidence of irregularity in the voting process is extremely apparent .
Yes , it is funny is n't it ?
Snafu
Sun , 30 Jan 2005 15:26:13 -0800
Re : OT : Republican election standards
I 'm a Democrat , a liberal and probably whole bunch of other labels that you can pin on me .
I 'm always glad to see people gain the opportunity to change their government from a dictatorship to a democracy .
Everyone , everywhere should have the basic right to elect their government .
The problem with this election is that no matter what happens the results are going to be tainted and questionable .
Think about this objectively -LRB- forget the US is involved -RRB- , if a foreign country invaded another and set up elections , would n't a reasonable person question the validity of the election results ?
Let 's assign some names .
Say it 's 1942 , and the German occupiers in Holland have set up elections with Dutch candidates .
Well , not really candidates , but political parties -- you 'll be told who the candidates were later .
Would you say the results are valid ?
Even if you , John H , believe the US held impartial elections in Iraq , do n't you think the rest of the world will find the results invalid , or least suspect ?
JohnH
Sun , 30 Jan 2005 20:10:39 -0500
Re : OT : Republican election standards
On Sun , 30 Jan 2005 15:26:13 -0800 , `` Snafu ''
If Lou Dobbs , on CNN , at 6:10 Eastern , can say , `` This election was a success by any measure , '' that 's good enough for me .
Not even Chris -LRB- Kerry 's my man -RRB- Mathews could find any real fault with the outcome .
Our soldiers weren ' e even close to the polls .
Hell , they could n't even see the polls in most places , so the intimidation bullshit is just that .
Even Brian Williams , when questioned by Chris , had to admit that he saw nothing to show US intimidation .
-LRB- You could tell it was killing Brian to have to admit that !
-RRB-
Of course , you probably know better since you were there , right ?
Here , go read something from people who are there :
If you look closely , you 'll even find some negatives to gloat over .
Bert Robbins
Sun , 30 Jan 2005 20:26:26 -0500
Re : OT : Republican election standards
You have to start somewhere and this election is to get a legislative body to write a constitution for Iraq .
The next election will be the one with more legitimacy .
Sounds like how our country started does n't it ?
JohnH
Mon , 31 Jan 2005 08:38:01 -0500
Re : OT : Republican election standards
On Sun , 30 Jan 2005 21:38:22 -
Sorry about my hard ass attitude !
The US soldiers were purposely kept well away from the polls during the time the polls were open .
They were the outer of three concentric security rings , with the Iraqi police and Army occupying the closest two rings .
I watched a lot -LRB- but not all , of course -RRB- of the news on most of the different channels , staying up until 5 am -LRB- like a real dummy !
-RRB- .
I did n't see one instance of US soldiers at polling places .
I * did * see a lot of Iraqi soldiers .
Except for the US flag on the shoulder and the different weapons , they look pretty much the same .
Hell , I noticed that some of the US soldiers were carrying AK 's in one place !
John H
On the ` PocoLoco ' out of Deale , MD , on the beautiful Chesapeake Bay !
`` Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it .
'' Rene Descartes
