MARKBACKER_20041202 .0711
WEB TEXT
2004-12-02T07 :11:00
Somebody alert the media !!!
Mark Backer
2004-12-02T07 :11:00
Apparently Jason Giambi , recently the non-playing and `` sick '' first baseman of the New York Yankees , admitted to a Grand Jury that he `` injected anabolic steroids and human growth hormone -LRB- HGH -RRB- as recently as 2003 .
And he apparently got them thru BALCO and -LRB- surprise -RRB- the same guy that is Barry Bonds ' trainer , once Greg Anderson .
Since that Grand Jury testimony was given , Giambi repeatedly denied using any steroids , HGH , or anything else to anyone and everyone that would listen .
Jason 's brother Jeremy also admitted to the grand jury that he used steroids .
Now , Barry is denying he 's done any steroids and Gary Sheffield 's denying he 's done any steroids , but one by one , the lesser -LRB- and bigger -RRB- players in this deal are seeing their testimony coming into the the public eye where they admitted that they DID do steroids .
It seems that anyone associated with this special `` trainer '' Greg Anderson is coming up dirty .
It 's a good thing that Major League Baseball has such a tough steroid policy , or this story may not have been brought to our attention .
-LRB- cough ... cough ... sarcasm ... cough -RRB- .
Never mind if the steroids and human growth hormones were illegal in baseball or not .
They are illegal to use in the United States .
I want to know where the Federal criminal charges against all parties involved are .
Anyone ?
The fact that these guys -LRB- Sheff , the Giambis , Marion Jones , Bonds and many others -RRB- are running around denying this shit and acting like Pete Rose did any time someone asked him about gambling -LRB- getting uber defensive , denying it implicitly and acting like the person asking had personally assaulted him -RRB- is appalling .
These clowns are messing with people 's careers by insisting they 're being lied about , yet when it turns out the reporters were n't lying and the athletes were , nothing is done .
I have never denied that Barry Bonds was a special and gifted athlete .
Whether it 's steroids , HGH , crank , lighter fluid or antifreeze he 's using , being able to perform at this level for this length of time defies logic or reason .
That 's why it 's a shame that , in the final analysis , all of Bonds ' numbers and accomplishments are going to be ignored and lumped into the statement `` yeah , but he was on steroids .
'' It 's a pity he and the others are too dumb to see that .
And now , just so you do n't think that every entry in this blog will be like the one above , here 's a great joke I read today :
A man takes his Rottweiler to the vet and says , `` My dog 's cross-eyed , is there anything you can do for him ?
''
`` Well , '' says the vet , `` let 's have a look at him .
''
So he picks the dog up and examines his eyes , then checks his teeth .
Finally , the vet says `` I 'm going to have to put him down .
''
`` What ?
Because he 's cross-eyed ?
''
`` No , because he 's really heavy .
''
I will be breaking down the SEC championship game either later today or tomorrow , so I expect you all to be planted firmly on the edge of your seats waiting for that one .
War Eagle everybody !
