rec.music.phish _ 20050217.1804
WEB TEXT
2005-02-17T18 :04:00
War with Iran
YEMcGrupp
17 Feb 2005 15:04:45 -0800
War with Iran
blast at an Iran nuclear facility Iran blames US US breaking news of terrorist attack in near future sounds like some heavy war rhetoric to me .
peace Jim
Coreyboy18
17 Feb 2005 15:57:33 -0800
Re : War with Iran
Ok , so if Iran is saying that they are moving forward with their nuclear programs for science and friendly nuclear energy , why is the US so worried ?
They are just trying to produce energy , as we have several nuclear power plants .
And all the demands to Syria ... this all seems so predictable .
And if you were wondering , this is the link I got that from ...
I like this quote the best , but I am sure it means nothing to us -LRB- us being the US 's powers that be -RRB- ... `` The Iranian nation is not looking for war , violence and confrontation , '' Khatami said .
Well guess what Khatami , you 're in for it .
Corey
No Names Please
Thu , 17 Feb 2005 19:13:38 -0500
Re : War with Iran
because they are lying .
they are one of the worlds biggest suppliers of oil .
why do they need a nuclear power plant ?
you have no problems with syria ?
so you believe him when he says that iran is n't looking for it , but you do n't believe the US when we say that we are n't ?
Buck The Trend
Thu , 17 Feb 2005 19:35:38 -0500
Re : War with Iran
About 3 days ago I said to my wife ... `` shit in the world is going to get ugly fast .
'' And although I wish we would n't have to do this ... we may have to flex our muscle again soon .
I think we are screwed with N. Korea , but Syria and Iran are really testing us .
Syria 's move in Lebanon may cause them to get their ass handed to them soon .
Moondog
Thu , 17 Feb 2005 19:52:32 -0600
Re : War with Iran
please .
this is a cop-out response .
the reason we are so worried is because we are on a higher level than 90 % of the world because we have nucler weapons .
if countries we do n't like start developing nuclear weapons-grade material it makes us nervous .
although so far , iran has shown that they are * not * producing weapons-grade material and are in fact using their nuclear power for just that , according to the IAEA .
but when you have a sitting president who has an infatuation with provoking other countries into a war , you can bet that he will try everything he can to try to prove his case against iran .
maybe because oil is a much bigger polluting source of energy than nuclear ?
or maybe because it 's more cost effective for them to use nuclear than any other method ?
why should they run their energy supply off of one of their backbone industries when oil is worth more to them on the open market ?
-- `` I am not allowed to ever come up with a single original thought .
And I am not allowed to meet the criminal government agent who oppresses me .
'' -- they might be giants
Moondog
Thu , 17 Feb 2005 19:54:03 -0600
Re : War with Iran
we are definitely trying to do too many things at once , but syria has been fucking with the lebanese since before we came along .
it 's only becoming more noticeable because there is so much * more * focus on the middle east right now than ever before .
Moondog
Fri , 18 Feb 2005 01:30:55 -0600
Re : War with Iran
it 's not a question of whether i believe iran is telling the truth .
the question was asked : why is the US scared of iran , and your response was `` because they 're lying '' .
this is a cop-out because you 're not really proving anything , you 're just making accusations without proof .
ok , they made a very very small amount of a material that could maybe be used in a weapon if they had more of it possibly .
but the fact is that iran is cooperating with most of the international community on this issue , whether your believe them or not .
this was about nuclear proliferation , not iraq 's insurgency .
i think that if they have proof of iran 's assistance to iraqi insurgents that it can be dealt with later , once iraq is secure and able to handle its own affairs .
for now , we were talking about the iranian nuclear program , not iraq .
No Names Please
Fri , 18 Feb 2005 01:45:37 -0500
Re : War with Iran
if you choose to believe them , that is your choice .
i 'll go with the IAEA , the europeans and the US who believe that iran is lying .
i tend to believe the free countries of the west over a closed fundamentalist gov ' t like
not if you have a meltdown or need to get rid of spent fuel rods .
also , i would doubt one of the biggest exporters of oil is that concerned with being environmentally
syria has occupied lebanon , they are in violation of security council resolution 1559 stating that there should be no foreign forces in lebanon and that lebabon should be allowed to have free elections .
our alliance to them is supporting people that want to have a free democratically elected gov ` t.
finish the statement : then we will refer them to the security council .
what exactly is wrong with that ?
that is the type of diplomatic solution that all of the anti-war people wanted for iraq .
of course a whole bunch of resolutions did nothing in iraq , but who knows , maybe this time they will work .
personally , based on the aggressive stance they have taken and the way they are helping the insurgency in iraq , i tend to not believe them when they say that they are n't looking for a confrontation .
